one of the reasons that I decided to do
these videos just because I knew that
the pallets that I had gotten we're not
gonna be some of the most talked about
pallets that are coming out for this
season I knew that the Tarte jewelry box
was gonna be a big one maybe the Urban
Decay what is it NYC palette and maybe
even The Naked palette would be big ones
that people will talk about it so I knew
I was gonna be getting things that maybe
not everybody but beginning and I
thought it would be nice to do an
overview on what I got
now this little gifts that here is
probably not going to be as out there as
the other ones are but it's still a
really really good gifts that and it's
this Stila lip glazes gift set it has it
has eight lip glazes for twenty-five
dollars which is actually really really
good value especially since you're
getting you're getting a pretty good
amount of product in each of the lip
glazes you get point zero five fluid
ounces in each lip gloss where the
regular lip glazes are point zero eight
ounces so you're kind of off but not
really I think you still get more in
these than you used to get which is
really awesome so we'll start over here
you have this really pretty bronze color
and kiten then I'm more like brownie
pink in seashell and I think this and
this is a limited edition color you have
this pinky peach here in blush and
that's also a limited edition color then
you have guava here which as you can
tell I already used and that's a really
pretty nude color then you have majesty
here which is a really pretty plum color
then over here you have your quarterly
red in Mary Mary and these two here are
limited ition colors then you have this
pink here in grapefruit and then over
you you have your peach color and
apricot I believe I have apricot
maybe grapefruit from like a different
like lip palate set or a lip glaze said
I'm sorry and I really really like
apricot yeah I believe I like grapefruit
too and I'm really really loving guava
here so this is a really really good
gift it's fairly inexpensive for scale
of lip glazes I would say you're getting
a little over half of a regular lip
glaze and for me anyway it's lip glosses
last a while and since you're getting
eight of them in your I would say you'd
be set for a long while with this one
even though you might not want to eat
but it's still a really really great
gift set if you want to get something
for your friend but yeah I really really
really love this one like I said it's
fairly inexpensive for the amount of
products that you're getting even though
it's not exactly your $120 value I think
it says up here it's still a great gift
set so if you guys would like to see any
reviews of anything that I've just shown
be like me to go into detail about
anything feel free to leave a comment
below I'll leave as much information as
I can in the bottom bar but I'll also
link to the product page on Sephora
it'll give you more color descriptions
and things like that if you like to see
swatches of anything because I'm not
going to be including any pictures or
anything so if you like to see pictures
of the product or etc then just like
yeah feel free to let me know and I'll
probably link any extra pictures in the
bottom bar as well